Stageowly (and "us", "our" or "this app" mentioned below) is a network product provided by me.

Product name: Stageowly

Product category: app

If you decide to use the services provided by our products, this agreement is used to inform us how to collect, use and disclose user privacy.

If you choose to use the services we provide, you agree to the collection and use of information related to this policy. The personal information we collect is used to provide and improve services. Unless otherwise stated in this privacy policy, we will not use or share your information with anyone.

Unless otherwise specified in this privacy policy, the terms used in this privacy policy have the same meaning as our terms and conditions

1. Collect information

We collect some or all of the information you provide to us, as well as your use of website and application data, but we will mainly use the collected data to provide you with satisfactory services and improve your experience.

1.1. Collection of equipment and technical information

We may collect the data you need to use our application, we can maintain and analyze the functions of the application, and personalize the content of the application.

We automatically obtain certain information about your device, including IP address, national code, time zone session start/stop time; IDFVs, language; network status (wireless, etc.), browser plug-in type and version; platform, SDK version, time Stamp; technical device information (such as device model and name, operating system name and version, CPU information, storage size, screen size, firmware, application software API key identifier, push notification token. Although this information (such as IDFV , IP address) may uniquely identify your device, but this information does not personally identify you. Some legislation (such as the United States) may uniquely identify your device as personal information processing.

1.2. Regular personal information collection

When using our services, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information ("personal data") that can be used to contact or identify you. Personally identifiable information may include but is not limited to:

mobile phone number

Email address

Address details

2. How to use the collected information

Stageowly uses the collected data for some or all of the following purposes:

Provide and maintain services

Notify you about changes to our services

Allow you to participate in the interactive features of our services when you choose

Provide customer care and support

Provide analysis or valuable information so that we can improve our services

Monitor service usage

Detect, prevent and solve technical problems

When you access the service through a mobile device, we may automatically collect certain information, including but not limited to the type of mobile device you use, the unique ID of the mobile device, the IP address of the mobile device, the operating system of the mobile device, and the mobile Internet you use Browser type, unique device identifier and other diagnostic data ("usage data").

3. Information storage

3.1, data security

The security of data is important to us, but remember that no security measures are perfect or impenetrable. Although we strive to use commercially acceptable methods to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.

3.2, data transmission

Your information (including personal data) may be transferred to computers outside the jurisdiction of your state, province, country, or other government, and the data protection laws of these computers may be different from the data protection laws of your jurisdiction .

If you are located outside of China and choose to provide us with information, please note that we transfer data (including personal data) to China and process it in China.

If you agree to this privacy policy, and then submit such information, you agree to the transfer.

3.3. Data disclosure

Stageowly may disclose your personal information in good faith, believing that such behavior is necessary:

Fulfill legal obligations

Protect and defend the rights or property of this software

Prevent or investigate possible misconduct related to the service

Protect the personal safety of service or public users

Prevent legal liability

3.4. Service providers

We may hire third parties (companies or individuals) to promote our services ("service providers"). Third parties provide services on our behalf, perform related services or assist us in analyzing how the services are used. Third parties can only access your personal data on our behalf to perform these tasks and are obliged not to use it for any other purposes.

3.5. Link to other websites

Our services may contain links to other websites not operated by us. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to the third party's website. We strongly recommend that you review the privacy policy of each site you visit. We have no control over the content, privacy policies or practices of any third-party websites or services, and do not assume any responsibility.

4. Delete information

When the information is no longer needed, we will use reasonable measures to delete it to protect the information from unauthorized access or use. If the content uploaded by users is suspected of pornographic or violent unpopular content, we will have the right to delete it. Users can report it in the discovery module.

5. Protect information

We have implemented reasonable security measures to ensure the confidentiality, security and integrity of the collected information, and to prevent unauthorized access and use of information that violates this privacy policy. Although we take reasonable efforts to ensure that your information remains safe while we maintain it, please note that no security measures are absolutely safe.

6. Collection of information related to children

We attach great importance to the protection of personal information of minors. If you are a minor under the age of 14, you should make sure to obtain the consent of your guardian before using our services. If you are a minor under the age of 14 but under 18, you should make sure to obtain it before using our services. The consent of the person or guardian. If we learn that we have collected the personal data of children under the age of 14, we will take all reasonable steps to delete the data as soon as possible. If you know that your child has provided us with personal information without your consent, please contact us.

7. Cookie technology

We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to track activities on our services and retain certain information.

Cookies are files containing a small amount of data and may contain anonymous unique identifiers. Cookies are sent from the website to your browser and stored on your device. Other tracking technologies such as beacons, tags and scripts are also used to collect and track information and improve and analyze our services.

You can instruct your browser to reject all cookies or when to send cookies. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some parts of our services.

Examples of cookies we use:

Session cookie. We use Session Cookies to operate our services.

Preference cookies. We use preference cookies to remember your preferences and various settings.

Security Cookies. For security reasons, we use secure cookies.

8. Third party service terms

9. Statistical analysis

Our products use third-party statistics, you need to agree to the privacy policy provided by the third-party service provider;

Link to the privacy policy of the third-party service provider used by the app

10. Exit

According to this privacy policy, you can uninstall all applications from each of your devices and stop using this website, thereby always freely choosing not to participate in the future collection of your personal information in the software.

11. Support

If you have any questions about this privacy policy, please contact us:

By mail: cxd17cd53@21cn.com

12. Changes to this privacy policy

We may update our privacy policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting a new privacy policy on this page.

It is recommended that you review this privacy policy regularly for any changes. Changes to this privacy policy are effective when they are posted on this page.
